U7: putting it all together (#84)
huggingface/audio-transformers-course: chapters/en/chapter7/speech-to-speech.mdx

    inputs = processor(text=text, return_tensors="pt")
    speech = model.generate_speech(
        inputs["input_ids"].to(device), speaker_embeddings.to(device), vocoder=vocoder
    )
    return speech.cpu()
```

Let's check it works with a dummy text input:
```python
speech = synthesise("Hey there! This is a test!")

Audio(speech, rate=16000)
```

Sounds good! Now for the exciting part - piecing it all together.

## Creating a STST demo

Before we create a [Gradio](https://gradio.app) demo to showcase our STST system, let's first do a quick sanity check 
to make sure we can concatenate the two models, putting an audio sample in and getting an audio sample out. We'll do 
this by concatenating the two functions we defined in the previous two sub-sections, such that we input the source audio 
and retrieve the translated text, then synthesise the translated text to get the translated speech. Finally, we'll convert 
the synthesised speech to an `int16` array, which is the output audio file format expected by Gradio:

```python
import numpy as np

def speech_to_speech_translation(audio):
    translated_text = translate(audio)
    synthesised_speech = synthesise(translated_text)

>     synthesised_speech = (synthesised_speech.numpy() * 32767).astype(np.int16)

Reviewer: Not sure I understand what the number 32767 here is.

Author: Conversion from float32 to int16 - will see if there's a more elegant way to do this rather than hardcoding

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/huggingface/audio-transformers-course/pull/84/commits/4238826f4a69ce1ca7d8d5bcfbb3848b7bf715f8

)
```

Great! To test our STST system, we'll load an audio sample in a non-English language. Let's load the first example of the
Italian (`it`) split of the [VoxPopuli](https://huggingface.co/datasets/facebook/voxpopuli) dataset:

```python
from datasets import load_dataset

dataset = load_dataset("facebook/voxpopuli", "it", split="validation", streaming=True)
sample = next(iter(dataset))
```

To listen to this sample, we can either play it using the dataset viewer on the Hub: [facebook/voxpopuli/viewer](https://huggingface.co/datasets/facebook/voxpopuli/viewer/it/validation?row=0)

Or playback using the ipynb audio feature:

```python
from IPython.display import Audio

Audio(sample["audio"]["array"], rate=sample["audio"]["sampling_rate"])
```

Now let's define a function that takes this audio input and returns the translated text. You'll remember that we have to 
pass the generation key-word argument for the `"task"`, setting it to `"translate"` to ensure that Whisper performs 
speech translation and not speech recognition:

```python
def translate(audio):
    outputs = pipe(audio, max_new_tokens=256, generate_kwargs={"task": "translate"})
    return outputs["text"]
```

> <Tip>
>     Whisper can also be 'tricked' into translating from speech in any language X to any language Y. Simply set the task to
>     <code>"transcribe"</code> and the <code>"language"</code> to your target language in the generation key-word arguments, 
>     e.g. for Spanish, one would set:
>     <p><code>generate_kwargs={"task": "transcribe", "language": "es"}</code></p>
> </Tip>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Tip>

    Whisper can also be 'tricked' into translating from speech in any language X to any language Y. Simply set the task to
    `"transcribe"` and the `"language"` to your target language in the generation key-word arguments, 
    e.g. for Spanish, one would set:

	`generate_kwargs={"task": "transcribe", "language": "es"&rcub;`

</Tip>
```

fix the parsing issue. You can have extra newlines after `<Tip>` & before `</Tip>` to use markdown. Therefore, you can just use "`" instead of "<code>"
